[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> They seem to appear, again,
in ways that our brains can
accept.
We hear stories
about them appearing
like a giant bumblebee
or a giant fish
or a being with blue skin
or pink skin or green skin.
So the perception
of the beings is
directly related to the
ability of the individual
to perceive them.
>> One in five Americans believe
that humanity has been visited
by alien beings from
beyond the stars.
Yet, how can we be sure that
all of these visitations
originate from up there?
From the thousands of
reports from people
who claim to have had direct
contact with some kind
of anomalous entity, what
is the possibility that some
of these close encounters
are actually interactions
with beings from
other dimensions?
>> When an interdimensional
being enters our dimension,
he falls under the laws of
our three-dimensional reality.
People will report ghosts
being seen, when they're really
these interdimensional beings.
>> If interdimensional entities
are interacting with humanity,
what might be their
intentions in doing so?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Energy healer and
host of "Quantum Effect"
Randy Veitenheimer has
experience in interactions with
other dimensions.
Combining his background in
physics with his many years
studying Chinese martial arts
and Kundalini energy practices,
Randy concludes that the nature
of these interdimensional
interactions is based on
our own consciousness.
>> Ghosts, spirit attachments,
entities are independent,
non-physical consciousnesses
that are created.
For example, let's say you want
to connect with your spirit
guide.
You're meditating
in zero reality,
and you ask to have that
spirit guide come forward.
The being that comes forward is
a real presence or information
body in zero reality, and it
is interpreted by yourself
based on your knowledge
of this physical world.
It is real over there,
but interpreted by you
as a physical
reality here and now.
>> The theory of multiple
parallel universes is a hotly
debated topic within the
realm of quantum physics.
Everything from their
mathematical explanation
to the number of differing
universes within the multiverse
have been discussed.
Yet, the concept
in and of itself
is backed up with good physics.
>> We've learned that string
theory provides some exciting
and beautiful possibilities for
discovering a unified theory
of everything.
And string theory is
what has opened the door
to the multiverse
idea in science.
How did it do that?
Well, it goes back to the
issue that string theorists
are grappling with--
the challenge of identifying
the exact geometry
of the superstrings
and extra dimensions
hidden within our universe.
They have many candidate
shapes allowed by the math,
over 10 to the power
500 possibilities,
which is a massive number.
String theorists
have instead proposed
that all of these possibilities
are equally probable,
and likely exist somewhere
within a multiverse,
meaning there are at least
10 to the power of 500
differently tuned universes out
there in the multiverse, maybe
even infinite numbers.
>> If the existence of other
dimensions is plausible,
then wouldn't the idea of beings
inhabiting that space be just
as legitimate?
So what are these beings?
Do they have purely
benevolent reasons
for interacting with humanity?
People who have claimed the
ability to channel entities
from other dimensions
believe these beings are here
to help guide us towards a
positive life experience.
>> Orion came to me and said,
we'd like for you to channel us
directly.
>> Mhm.
>> And because our information
can be helpful to humanity
at this time.
And they even said humanity
is on a trajectory,
they're on a timeline
that is now--
our information can
be more helpful.
We have moved beyond density,
and we bridge back and forth
between non-physicality
and enough density
to be able to communicate.
From our standpoint, we are
no longer in physical form,
and even our densest nature does
not hold physical separation.
>> These beings are known in
our realities like the masters
and guides of every dimension.
What they do is to resonate
to the system of the matter
all the process of creation
to help us understand
which ways we can
take in order to be
in the same level of
vibration as them.
So even the darkest
ones and light ones,
they are leaving patterns
to us so we could reach
and understand how we
can build a good reality,
and how we can transcend
the reality we live in.
>> The role that many of us in
this collective have is energy
balancing.
So we are assigned,
several of us,
to bring balance
to certain points
on the Earth and other planets.
That is our role.
There are many who will say
that Earth is, shall we say,
turbulent or, mm, mm,
mm, mm, a little bit
of a volcano in waiting.
That is not actually how we see
what is taking place on Earth.
You are coming to
this culmination point
in human history,
which will take
place between 2030 and 2050.
And that will be when
your whole world opens up
as a human planet.
>> If interdimensional entities
exist that wish to help
and give to humanity, is it
possible that beings from other
realms also wish
to take from us?
Randy Veitenheimer
theorizes about the nature
of such beings.
>> These forms do not generally
share or exist in our physical
reality.
Spirit attachments are
in a different dimension
that attach to you
because we have energy
and they need energy.
This is the underlying
basis for the interaction.
They are not actually giving you
information like the entities,
but more taking of your energy.
What about ghosts?
Ghosts are not
exactly non-physical.
People that are alive might be
sending information or energy
to the person that
has passed, and that
might energize them to come
into the physical form.
>> It would seem the importance
of inviting only those higher
vibrational energies into your
life cannot be overstated.
When interactions with
interdimensional beings occur,
having control over that which
positively enriches your life
is a recommended approach.
>> I teach that you should
not put your energy towards
non-physical beings, and instead
focus on internally knowing who
you are and being yourself.
This will keep you safe, and
create trust within yourself.
>> How much influence might
we assume is directed from
interdimensional entities?
And is there cause for concern
from these interactions?
>> Their ability to influence
and affect us has a lot to do
with what we believe their
ability to affect us is.
So if we believe they
have an effect on us,
then they can affect us.
If we believe they don't
have an effect on us,
then they tend to not.
>> So it's our thinking and our
belief systems that actually
become our own reality
when we're visualizing.
>> More than anything else, yes.
I think our experience
tells us that most of them
are beneficial.
Most of them are basically
trying to help and cooperate,
and that 5% that just is
trying to cause trouble.
>> If the majority of
interdimensional beings are
trying to guide us
in positive ways,
what is the message they
are trying to deliver?
>> These beings have a lot of
information and a lot of access
to information that
they want to share,
and they're encouraging us to
understand how to access that
information, as well.
So yeah, knowledge,
information, truth.
>> It would seem that the
influence interdimensional
beings have over humanity is
dictated by our own perceptions
and consciousness.
If we are to resonate
with the guidance
from beings who wish
to help, we must first
recognize when we are being led
astray by negative entities.
Perhaps, with a cautioned
approach to further exploration
and contact with
interdimensional beings,
we may learn the secrets of
our own universe and beyond.
[MUSIC PLAYING]